<p><strong>Venue</strong> : Google Meet</p>
<p><strong>In attendance</strong>: - Mathew Blowers (mb2528, Chair) -
Max Smith (ms2922, Junior Treasurer) - Bekalu Terefe-Zenebe (btt31,
Secretary)</p>
<h2 id="report-on-december-hackday-results-bekalu">Report on December
hackday results (Bekalu):</h2>
<ul>
<li>cmtc3 to work on mail switchover</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="january-hackday-scheduling-bekalu">January hackday scheduling
(Bekalu):</h2>
<ul>
<li>Most likely either 25th of January (W1 Lent) or 1st of February (W2
Lent)</li>
<li>Mathew: only 5 new volunteers expected, absolute maximum of 10
volunteers</li>
<li>Unlikely to pursue public recruitment for this hackday</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="hsbc-bank-account-updates-mathew">HSBC bank account updates
(Mathew):</h2>
<ul>
<li>Max (Jr. Treasurer) is now on mandate</li>
<li>Safeguarding provisions on bank account causing issues with
access</li>
<li>Max to be made a primary user of bank account</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="hosting-the-anniversary-dinner-max">Hosting the anniversary
dinner (Max):</h2>
<ul>
<li>Since previous sysadmins may be travelling from abroad, we should
give enough notice</li>
<li>Potential date: 3rd week of February</li>
<li>Weekends would work best for most</li>
<li>Given 3rd week of February, this would be Saturday, the 22nd of
February</li>
<li>Funding policy (who gets a free meal) to be decided at a later
point</li>
<li>May want to track down curry house where SRCF was founded</li>
<li>Ask current, possibly former sysadmins
<ul>
<li>Would Malcolm Scott know?</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Max responsible for anniversary dinner preparations</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="next-meeting">Next meeting</h2>
<ul>
<li>Near beginning of Lent term
<ul>
<li>After Max hands in Category Theory take-home exams</li>
</ul></li>
</ul>
<h1 id="post-meeting-events">Post-meeting events</h1>
<p><strong>Context</strong>: The meeting was scheduled via a WhatsApp
group chat, and conversation continued on there after the meeting was
concluded.</p>
<p>Additional context in #executive IRC/Discord channel</p>
<h2 id="donations-database-max">Donations database (Max)</h2>
<ul>
<li>Queried about status of the donations database in the executive wiki
<ul>
<li>Mathew (Chair): currently unused</li>
</ul></li>
</ul>
<h2 id="yearly-accounts-max">Yearly accounts (Max)</h2>
<ul>
<li>Last set of accounts filed an unspecified number of years ago</li>
<li>Max (Jr. Treasurer) requires full list of assets owned by the SRCF
<ul>
<li>This would include a list of all physical servers</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Max granted access to Netbox to view list of servers by</li>
<li>Max does not have time to perform value estimates of servers in what
remains of 2024, so plan is to miss accounts filing for 2024 and file
accounts in 2025.
<ul>
<li>Secretary note (2025-01-26): this will require preparing accounts
beforehand for the incoming Junior Treasurer in 2025, or documentation
of the process.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Apparently still listed as a society in University webpage despite
not filing accounts</li>
</ul>
<h1 id="switching-bank-accounts-max">Switching bank accounts (Max)</h1>
<ul>
<li>HSBC currently charging £5 per month for the past few years</li>
<li>Max raises possibility of using NatWest (no monthly fee, used by
CyberSoc)
<ul>
<li>Mathew concurs, suggests making a decision on switching banks in
next meeting</li>
</ul></li>
</ul>
